docs: modified note about Google auth manual installation (#7947)
FirebaseExtended/flutterfire: docs/cli.mdx

- ❌ Indicates your app will crash on startup without manual Google services PLIST/JSON file setup.
- ✔ Indicates no known issues.

> Additionally, if you use the [`google_sign_in` provider](./auth/social#google) for Authentication in `firebase_auth` then this also requires the [manual installation](./manual-installation.mdx), you can track [the opened issue here](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/96391).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, if you use the [`google_sign_in` provider](./auth/social#google) for Authentication in `firebase_auth` then this also requires [manual installation](./manual-installation.mdx). There is an open issue to move `google_sign_in` to Dart initialization which you can [track here](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/96391).
```
